Harris High School Design Challenge 2012

  *****   BRATA   *****
  
To get started with the BRATA framework project, follow these steps:

1. Unzip the BRATA.zip file provided by Harris to a location where you would 
 like to store it. 

2. Open Eclipse and right click in the Package Explorer and chose "Import..."

3. Select General -> Existing Projects into Workspace

4. Choose "Browse..." next to Select Root Directory and locate the BRATA 
 folder you unzipped in step 1 and click OK.

5. You should see the BRATA project appear inside the Projects: window. If you 
 don't, double-check that the root directory is correct. Leave "Copy Projects 
 into Workspace" and "Add project to working sets" unchecked. Click Finish.

6. Your project should be ready to modify and implement your design!
 There is a READ-ME.txt file inside the BRATA folder you unzipped that will
 help with understanding what different parts of the framework do and where
 to put your code.

Troubleshooting:

If you get errors about "The method ... must override a superclass method" 
as soon as the project is loaded, do the following:
1. Right click on the BRATA project in the Package Explorer and choose 
 Properties
2. Click Java Compiler on the left side
3. Make sure "Enable project specific settings" is unckecked
4. Click Configure Workspace Settings
5. Set Compiler Compliance Level to 1.6
6. If a yellow exclamation mark shows up at the bottom of the window, you may 
 also need to download the Java JRE, if not, then click OK and skip to 13.
7. If you DO get the yellow exclamation... Click "JREs" next to the yellow 
 exclamation
9. Click "Add..."
10. Click "Standard VM"
11. Click Directory and find the jre6 directory. Hopefully it's in 
 C:\Program Files (x86)\Java\. If not, you may have to download and install it.
     The download link for the jre6 is 
	 http://download.oracle.com/otn-pub/java/jdk/6u37-b06/jre-6u37-windows-i586.exe,
	 but you will need administrator priveleges to install it.
12. If it is, select the jre6 directory and click ok, then finish, then check 
the jre6 box and click ok again. (Click Yes when it asks to rebuild the 
project)
13. From the Project menu, select Clean..., Clean all projects, and click OK.
14. Celebrate! Whew, NOW it should be fixed. There should be no more red error
 notifications.

If you have any other issues, don't hesistate to let us at Harris know! We 
want to get you set up for success!